feat(rocprofiler-systems): add rocSHMEM host-stream API tracing (#8928)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-systems/docs/how-to/communication-runtime-profiling.rst

   * **MPI** (``ROCPROFSYS_USE_MPIP``): Enabled by default (``ON``). When using binary instrumentation, ROCm Systems Profiler automatically detects MPI symbols in the target application and enables MPI support.
   * **UCX** (``ROCPROFSYS_USE_UCX``): Disabled by default (``OFF``). Must be explicitly enabled to trace UCX operations. This is a runtime user-configurable option.
   * **RCCL** (``ROCPROFSYS_USE_RCCLP``): Disabled by default (``OFF``). Must be explicitly enabled to trace RCCL operations.
   * **rocSHMEM** (``ROCPROFSYS_ROCM_DOMAINS=rocshmem_api``): Disabled by default. Must be included in ``ROCPROFSYS_ROCM_DOMAINS`` to trace rocSHMEM host-stream API calls. Requires rocprofiler-sdk ≥ 10.3.0.

>    * **SHMEM** (``ROCPROFSYS_USE_SHMEM``): Disabled by default (``OFF``). Must be explicitly enabled to trace OpenSHMEM operations.

Reviewer: Should we call the second one explicitly OpenShmem?

Author: Done.

   * **MPI** (``ROCPROFSYS_USE_MPIP``): Enabled by default (``ON``). When using binary instrumentation, ROCm Systems Profiler automatically detects MPI symbols in the target application and enables MPI support.
   * **UCX** (``ROCPROFSYS_USE_UCX``): Disabled by default (``OFF``). Must be explicitly enabled to trace UCX operations. This is a runtime user-configurable option.
   * **RCCL** (``ROCPROFSYS_USE_RCCLP``): Disabled by default (``OFF``). Must be explicitly enabled to trace RCCL operations.

>    * **rocSHMEM** (``ROCPROFSYS_ROCM_DOMAINS=rocshmem_api``): Disabled by default. Must be included in ``ROCPROFSYS_ROCM_DOMAINS`` to trace rocSHMEM host-stream API calls. Requires rocprofiler-sdk ≥ 1.3.4.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * **rocSHMEM** (``ROCPROFSYS_ROCM_DOMAINS=rocshmem_api``): Disabled by default. Must be included to trace rocSHMEM host-stream API calls. Requires rocprofiler-sdk ≥ 1.3.4 and rocSHMEM ≥ 3.6.0.
```
Adding the required rocSHMEM version as well.

Author: Done.

>    * **OpenSHMEM** (``ROCPROFSYS_USE_SHMEM``): Disabled by default (``OFF``). Must be explicitly enabled to trace OpenSHMEM operations.

Reviewer 3: This is a bit confusing because it raises the question: "Do I need ROCPROFSYS_USE_SHMEM enabled to trace the rocSHMEM API?"

Author: Changed.

>    * **OpenSHMEM** (``ROCPROFSYS_USE_SHMEM``): Disabled by default (``OFF``). Must be explicitly enabled to trace OpenSHMEM (CPU-based PGAS standard) operations. This flag is unrelated to rocSHMEM; use ``ROCPROFSYS_ROCM_DOMAINS=rocshmem_api`` to enable rocSHMEM API tracing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * **OpenSHMEM** (``ROCPROFSYS_USE_OPENSHMEM``): Disabled by default (``OFF``). Must be explicitly enabled to trace OpenSHMEM (CPU-based PGAS standard) operations. This flag is unrelated to rocSHMEM; use ``ROCPROFSYS_ROCM_DOMAINS=rocshmem_api`` to enable rocSHMEM API tracing.
```

Reviewer 2: I think renaming the setting to include "OPENSHMEM" will bring the clarification that we are looking for. 
However, we don't want to break backwards compatibility, so in the backend we should forward `ROCPROFSYS_USE_SHMEM` to `ROCPROFSYS_USE_OPENSHMEM`.

Author: Done.

      oshrun -n 4 rocprof-sys-sample -- -- ./my_shmem_app

Profiling rocSHMEM
==================

> rocSHMEM is AMD's GPU-native PGAS library for HPC applications. Unlike OpenSHMEM (which intercepts CPU-side calls via GOTCHA), rocSHMEM tracing is implemented through the rocprofiler-sdk callback tracing infrastructure: rocSHMEM registers its host-stream API dispatch table with ``rocprofiler-register``, and rocprofiler-sdk intercepts calls at that layer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
rocSHMEM is AMD's GPU-native PGAS library for HPC applications. Unlike OpenSHMEM 
(which intercepts CPU-side calls via GOTCHA), rocSHMEM tracing is implemented 
through the rocprofiler-sdk callback tracing infrastructure: rocSHMEM registers 
its host-stream API dispatch table with ``rocprofiler-register``, and 
``rocprofiler-sdk`` intercepts calls at that layer.
```

nit-pick: The above is just a formatting change; manually wrapping a very long line.

As for the content, this may be too low level an explanation with implementation details that are not relevant to the user of the tool. Maybe something like this instead?

```
rocSHMEM is AMD's GPU-native PGAS library for HPC applications. When rocSHMEM API
tracing is enabled, rocprofiler-systems records API names, timing, and call metadata
for rocSHMEM host-stream operations.
```

Author: Done.

When enabled, rocprofiler-systems captures all nine rocSHMEM host-stream APIs:

* ``barrier_all_on_stream``
* ``quiet_on_stream``
* ``sync_all_on_stream``
* ``putmem_on_stream``
* ``getmem_on_stream``
* ``putmem_signal_on_stream``
* ``broadcastmem_on_stream``
* ``alltoallmem_on_stream``
* ``signal_wait_until_on_stream``

.. important::

>    rocSHMEM tracing is **disabled by default** and must be explicitly enabled by including ``rocshmem_api`` in ``ROCPROFSYS_ROCM_DOMAINS``. It requires rocprofiler-sdk ≥ 1.3.4 and a rocSHMEM build with ``USE_ROCPROFILER_REGISTER=ON`` (the default).

Reviewer 2: Do we want to say that USE_ROCPROFILER_REGISTER is the default as of rocSHMEM version 3.6.0, which will be the version include in ROCm 7.15?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   rocSHMEM tracing is **disabled by default** and must be explicitly enabled by including
   ``rocshmem_api`` in ``ROCPROFSYS_ROCM_DOMAINS``. It requires rocprofiler-sdk ≥ 1.3.4 
   and a rocSHMEM >= 3.6.0.
```

Author: Done.

>    rocSHMEM is an HPC library designed for AMD CDNA server GPUs (MI200, MI300 series). It is not supported on consumer RDNA GPUs.

Reviewer: This statement needs some refinement I feel and its better we align with our rocSHMEM documentation and probably not list the GPU families and say something like "AMD Instinct (CDNA) GPUs".

Author: Done.
